feat: [UIE-8856] - IAM RBAC: accessibility fix, change role drawer UI fix (#12346)
linode/manager: packages/manager/.changeset/pr-12346-upcoming-features-1749213578697.md

---
"@linode/manager": Upcoming Features
---

> Updated `aria-label` for action menus in Assigned Roles and Entity Access tables, fixed spacing issues in the Change Role Drawer ([#12346](https://github.com/linode/manager/pull/12346))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Update `aria-label` for action menus in Assigned Roles and Entity Access tables, fix spacing issues in the Change Role Drawer ([#12346](https://github.com/linode/manager/pull/12346))
```
We use imperative tense for changesets.

[Changeset guidelines:](https://linode.github.io/manager/CONTRIBUTING.html#writing-a-changeset)
> Use a consistent tense in all changeset entries. We have chosen to use imperative (present) tense. (This follows established [git commit message best practices](https://tbaggery.com/2008/04/19/a-note-about-git-commit-messages.html).)
